good morning little liquor since I
started last weeks I mean not last
week's yesterday's vlog on wall-e that
it starts it's one on little agur okay
guys we just got done filming a video
and you might be able to guess what it
is but you probably guessed wrong oh wow
it's out of focus the entire time
well you're just like a beanbag lumps in
all sorts of places
hey y'all we're at Whole Foods
with Mitchell but we have to get the
food that's so much stairs
my mommy cool adventure is today hey
okay music
it's so up here day in the life video
oh no that's marzipan
oh that's Mars what is that thing
you
[Music]
these are my favorite thing on a world
look blueberries blueberries
oh my god red velvet's oh my god man
they have like good flavors in macaroons
look at blush in whole foods ha ha so
funny
I just want food I got red curry but I
am so scared I do not eat vegetables
ever why are the carrots hard but they
should be so we got some gelato a
s'mores cupcake for Michelle and they
had macaroon so we have to get some and
tumblr lemonade that is actually very
good how to eat gelato and that drops
like michelle has never had a macaroon
before so she's gonna try her first one
ever
or just fine it yeah
no pressure oh but they're my favorite
dessert
it's like crunchy and not very hot
outside like a spongy
no it's like Airy crispy on the outside
and then like creamy on the inside it's
so great and they have something I'm
sure just it's just weird
don't be scared she has I'm bonded to us
yet so she's still stared America oh my
god oh I can't go in the back room doors
all the attention every time